OSDOCS-11764 OCP Release Notes 4.15.29 (#80914)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

[id="ocp-4-15-29_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:5439 - {product-title} 4.15.29 bug fix and security update

Issued: 28 August 2024

{product-title} release 4.15.29, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in this update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2024:5751[RHBA-2024:5751] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in this update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:5754[RHSA-2024:5754] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.15.29 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-15-29-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

> * Previously, the ordering of Network Interface Controllers (NICs) in the cloud provider was non-deterministic and could result in the node choosing the wrong NIC for communication with the cluster. With this update, the ordering will always be consistent, which removes the possibility for random ordering making the node networking fail. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-38577[*OCPBUGS-38577*])

Reviewer: Maybe tighten this up a bit, the second sentence is a bit awkward to me. 
```suggestion
* Previously, the ordering of Network Interface Controllers (NICs) in the cloud provider was non-deterministic, which could result in the node using the wrong NIC for communication with the cluster. With this update, the ordering is always be consistent. This fix prevents the random ordering that was causing the node networking fail. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-38577[*OCPBUGS-38577*])
```
